Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
bzip2                          1.0.6               0  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.6               1  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.6   h1de35cc_1002  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.6      h470a237_2  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      h01d97ff_0  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      h01d97ff_1  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      h0b31af3_2  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      h0d85af4_4  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      haf1e3a3_2  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      haf1e3a3_3  conda-forge         
bzip2                          1.0.8      hc929b4f_4  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
ca-certificates            2016.2.28               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates             2016.8.2               3  conda-forge         
ca-certificates             2016.8.8               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2016.8.31               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2016.9.26               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2017.1.23               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2017.1.23               1  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2017.4.17               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates          2017.7.27.1               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2017.11.5               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2018.1.18               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2018.4.16               0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2018.8.13      ha4d7672_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2018.8.24      ha4d7672_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates           2018.10.15      ha4d7672_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates           2018.11.29      ha4d7672_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates             2019.3.9      hecc5488_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2019.6.16      hecc5488_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2019.9.11      hecc5488_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates           2019.11.28      hecc5488_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1      hecc5488_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.2      hecda079_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2020.6.20      hecda079_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2020.11.8      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2020.12.5      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2021.5.30      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2021.10.8      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2022.5.18      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates          2022.5.18.1      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2022.6.15      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates          2022.6.15.1      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates          2022.6.15.2      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2022.9.14      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2022.9.24      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates            2022.12.7      h033912b_0  conda-forge         
ca-certificates             2023.5.7      h8857fd0_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
libcxx                         4.0.1      hcfea43d_1  conda-forge         
libcxx                         5.0.0               1  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0               1  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0               2  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0               3  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0               4  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0      h04f5b5a_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.0      h2a66809_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                         8.0.1               0  conda-forge         
libcxx                         9.0.0      h89e68fa_1  conda-forge         
libcxx                         9.0.1               1  conda-forge         
libcxx                        10.0.0               1  conda-forge         
libcxx                        10.0.0      h1af66ff_2  conda-forge         
libcxx                        10.0.1      h5f48129_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        11.0.0      h439d374_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        11.0.0      h4c3b8ed_1  conda-forge         
libcxx                        11.0.1      habf9029_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        11.1.0      habf9029_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        12.0.1      habf9029_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        12.0.1      habf9029_1  conda-forge         
libcxx                        13.0.1      hc203e6f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.0      hc203e6f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.3      hc203e6f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.4      hc203e6f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.5      hc203e6f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.5      hce7ea42_1  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.6      hccf4f1f_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        14.0.6      hce7ea42_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        15.0.7      h71dddab_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.0      h71dddab_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.1      h71dddab_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.2      hd57cbcb_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.3      hd57cbcb_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.4      hd57cbcb_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.5      hd57cbcb_0  conda-forge         
libcxx                        16.0.6      hd57cbcb_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
libexpat                       2.5.0      hf0c8a7f_1  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
libffi                         3.2.1               0  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1               1  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1               2  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1               3  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1   h0a44026_1005  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1   h4a8c4bd_1007  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1   h6de7cb9_1006  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1   hb1e8313_1007  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1      hfc679d8_4  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.2.1      hfc679d8_5  conda-forge         
libffi                           3.3      h046ec9c_2  conda-forge         
libffi                           3.3      h74dc148_0  conda-forge         
libffi                           3.3      h74dc148_1  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      h0d85af4_5  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      he49afe7_0  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      he49afe7_1  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      he49afe7_2  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      he49afe7_3  conda-forge         
libffi                         3.4.2      he49afe7_4  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
libsqlite                     3.39.2      h5a3d3bf_1  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.39.3      ha978bb4_0  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.39.4      ha978bb4_0  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.40.0      ha978bb4_0  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.40.0      ha978bb4_1  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.41.2      h58db7d2_1  conda-forge         
libsqlite                     3.42.0      h58db7d2_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
libzlib                       1.2.11   h6c3fc93_1014  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.11   h9173be1_1012  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.11   h9173be1_1013  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.12      h6c3fc93_0  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.12      hfd90126_3  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.12      hfd90126_4  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.12      hfe4f2af_1  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.12      hfe4f2af_2  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.13      h8a1eda9_5  conda-forge         
libzlib                       1.2.13      hfd90126_4  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
ncurses                          5.9               0  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               1  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9              10  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               2  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               3  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               4  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               5  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               6  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               7  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               8  conda-forge         
ncurses                          5.9               9  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.1               0  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.1   h0a44026_1001  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.1   h0a44026_1002  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.1      hfc679d8_1  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.1      hfc679d8_2  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.2      h2e338ed_3  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.2      h2e338ed_4  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.2      h4a8c4bd_0  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.2      hb1e8313_1  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.2      hb1e8313_2  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.3      h96cf925_1  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.3      he49afe7_0  conda-forge         
ncurses                          6.4      hf0c8a7f_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
openssl                       1.0.2h               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2h               1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2h               2  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2h               3  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2k               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2l               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2m               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2n               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2o               0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2o      h470a237_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p   h1de35cc_1000  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p   h1de35cc_1001  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p   h1de35cc_1002  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p      h470a237_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p      h470a237_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2p      h470a237_2  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2q      h1de35cc_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2r      h1de35cc_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2t      h1de35cc_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.0.2u      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1a   h1de35cc_1000  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1a   h1de35cc_1001  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1b      h01d97ff_2  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1b      h1de35cc_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1b      h1de35cc_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1c      h01d97ff_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1d      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1e      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1f      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1g      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1g      h0b31af3_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1g      haf1e3a3_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1h      haf1e3a3_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1i      h35c211d_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1j      hbcf498f_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1k      h0d85af4_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1k      h0d85af4_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1l      h0d85af4_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1n      h6c3fc93_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1o      hfe4f2af_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1p      hfe4f2af_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1q      hfd90126_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1q      hfe4f2af_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1s      hfd90126_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1s      hfd90126_1  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1t      hfd90126_0  conda-forge         
openssl                       1.1.1u      h8a1eda9_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.0      h0d85af4_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.0      h0d85af4_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.0      h0d85af4_2  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.2      h6c3fc93_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.3      hfe4f2af_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.4      hfe4f2af_2  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.5      hb81d4ab_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.5      hfd90126_2  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.5      hfe4f2af_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.7      hfd90126_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.7      hfd90126_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.7      hfd90126_2  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.8      hfd90126_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.9      h8a1eda9_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.0.9      h8a1eda9_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.0      h8a1eda9_1  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.0      h8a1eda9_2  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.0      h8a1eda9_3  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.0      hfd90126_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.1      h8a1eda9_0  conda-forge         
openssl                        3.1.1      h8a1eda9_1  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
pip                            8.1.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                            8.1.2          py34_0  conda-forge         
pip                            8.1.2          py35_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py27_1  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py35_1  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.1          py36_1  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.3          py35_0  conda-forge         
pip                            9.0.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           10.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           10.0.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
pip                           10.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py27_1  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0       py27_1001  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py35_1  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0       py35_1001  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py36_1  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0       py36_1001  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0          py37_1  conda-forge         
pip                             18.0       py37_1001  conda-forge         
pip                             18.1       py27_1000  conda-forge         
pip                             18.1       py36_1000  conda-forge         
pip                             18.1       py37_1000  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.0.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.1.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.1.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.1.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.2.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                             19.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.3.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.3.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.3.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           19.3.1          py38_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.1          py38_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py27_1  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py36_1  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py37_1  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py38_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2          py38_1  conda-forge         
pip                           20.0.2            py_2  conda-forge         
pip                             20.1    pyh9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.1.1            py_1  conda-forge         
pip                           20.1.1    pyh9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
pip                             20.2            py_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.2.1            py_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.2.2            py_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.2.3            py_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.2.4            py_0  conda-forge         
pip                             20.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.3.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.3.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.3.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           20.3.4    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             21.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             21.0    pyhd8ed1ab_1  conda-forge         
pip                           21.0.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             21.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.1.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.1.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.1.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.2.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.2.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.2.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.2.4    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             21.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           21.3.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             22.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.0.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.0.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.0.2    pyhd8ed1ab_1  conda-forge         
pip                           22.0.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.0.4    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.1.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.1.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             22.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.2.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.2.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             22.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           22.3.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             23.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           23.0.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                             23.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           23.1.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
pip                           23.1.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
python                         1.0.1               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.2               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.3               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         1.5.2               0  conda-forge         
python                           1.6               0  conda-forge         
python                           2.0               0  conda-forge         
python                         2.6.9               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.12               2  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.13               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.13               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               1  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               2  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               3  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               4  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.14               5  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15               0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_5  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h33da82c_6  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15      h43f7c74_0  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h61312e0_1003  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h61312e0_1004  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h61312e0_1005  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h61312e0_1006  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15 h8e446fc_1010_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15 h8e446fc_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   h932b40d_1008  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   ha7ff966_1001  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   ha7ff966_1002  conda-forge         
python                        2.7.15   hd51d24c_1009  conda-forge         
python                         3.4.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.4.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.4.5               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.1               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               4  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.2               5  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.3               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.4               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.5.5      h5001a0f_2  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0a3               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0a4               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b1               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b2               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b2               1  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b3               0  conda-forge         
python                       3.6.0b4               0  conda-forge         
python                      3.6.0rc1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.0               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               2  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.1               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.2               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               3  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.3               4  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.4               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.5               0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.5               1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   h4a56312_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   h4a56312_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6      h5001a0f_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   ha346fb5_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.6   ha346fb5_1001  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h4285619_1006  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7 h4285619_1008_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h4a56312_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h4a56312_1001  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h4a56312_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7      h5001a0f_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h8dc6b48_1004  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.7   h94afb7f_1005  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9       2_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9       3_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.6.9 hce46be0_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 h4334963_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 hce46be0_1009_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 hd6c0276_1010_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.10 hd6c0276_1011_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h4f09611_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h5d1cf6b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h5d1cf6b_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 h5d1cf6b_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hba835b9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hba835b9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hba835b9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hc38f9c5_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hc38f9c5_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.11 hc38f9c5_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12       4_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12       5_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.12 h6c3b2c9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13 h7728216_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13 haf480d7_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.13 haf480d7_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.6.15 haf480d7_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   h145921a_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   h145921a_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   h145921a_1004  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   h145921a_1005  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0   h145921a_1006  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h46c1a51_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h4eca856_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.0      h4eca856_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   h145921a_1000  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1      h46c1a51_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   hbdd33cc_1002  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.1   hbdd33cc_1003  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.2      hbdd33cc_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h0d93f26_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h5c2c468_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.3      h93065d6_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.5 h7728216_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 cpython_h1fd5dd1_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 cpython_h90870a6_6  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 h1fd5dd1_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6      h5c2c468_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6      h5c2c468_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 h90870a6_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 hfa4aa89_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.6 hfa4aa89_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h3032d59_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h3032d59_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h460104f_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h4f09611_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 h837cb1c_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 ha0cf8a8_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 ha0cf8a8_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 hc76f180_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 hc9dea61_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.8 hc9dea61_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9       4_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9       5_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9 h6c3b2c9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.7.9 h7728216_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10       1_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 h7728216_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 haf480d7_101_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 haf480d7_102_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 haf480d7_103_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 haf480d7_104_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hf3644f1_102_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hf3644f1_103_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.10 hf3644f1_104_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.12 haf480d7_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.7.12 hf3644f1_100_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_3  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_4  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.0      hd366da7_5  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.1      h5c2c468_1  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.1      hf2284b6_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 hbb7e721_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 hbb7e721_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 hd5f0129_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 hd5f0129_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.2 hdc38147_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.3 cpython_hbb7e721_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.3 cpython_hd5f0129_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.4 cpython_h85f3143_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.4 cpython_hfe7aed7_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_h85f3143_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_hc2483ac_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 cpython_hfe7aed7_0  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h0ed32c4_8_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h0ed32c4_9_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h85f3143_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 h85f3143_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hc2483ac_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hc2483ac_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5      hfc71d35_2  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfc71d35_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfc71d35_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfc71d35_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfc71d35_6_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfc71d35_7_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfe7aed7_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.5 hfe7aed7_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 h3b7b5d6_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 h624753d_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 h624753d_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 h624753d_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 h624753d_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.6 hcfdab8c_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.8.8 h4e93d89_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.10 h0e5c897_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h17280f6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h17280f6_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h17280f6_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h17280f6_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h43ca1e7_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h43ca1e7_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.12 h43ca1e7_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13 h394c593_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.13 h66c20e1_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.14 hc915b28_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.14 hf9b03c3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15 hc915b28_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15 hf9b03c3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.15 hf9b03c3_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.16       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.16 hf9b03c3_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.8.17 hf9b03c3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h1821ab9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h1821ab9_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h1821ab9_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h1821ab9_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 h4f09611_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.0 ha017127_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h1d169a7_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h1d169a7_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h1d169a7_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h1d169a7_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h1d169a7_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.1 h2502468_5_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.2 h2502468_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.4 h9133fd0_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.5 hd187cdc_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.6 hd187cdc_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.6 hd187cdc_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 h1248fe1_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 h1248fe1_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 h1248fe1_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 h38b4d05_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.7 hd187cdc_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.9 h1248fe1_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                         3.9.9 h38b4d05_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h1dd9edd_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h1dd9edd_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 h1dd9edd_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hea1dfa3_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hea1dfa3_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.10 hea1dfa3_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h1cc4136_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h1cc4136_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h8b4d769_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.12 h8b4d769_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.13 h57e37ff_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.13 hf8d34f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.14 h531fd05_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.14 h709bd14_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.15 h531fd05_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.15 h709bd14_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.16       0_73_pypy  conda-forge         
python                        3.9.16 h709bd14_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h1248fe1_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h1248fe1_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h1248fe1_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h38b4d05_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h38b4d05_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.0 h38b4d05_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h1248fe1_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h1248fe1_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h1248fe1_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h38b4d05_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h38b4d05_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.1 h38b4d05_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h1248fe1_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h1dd9edd_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h1dd9edd_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h1dd9edd_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h1dd9edd_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 h38b4d05_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hea1dfa3_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hea1dfa3_2_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hea1dfa3_3_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.2 hea1dfa3_4_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.4 h1cc4136_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.4 h8b4d769_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.5 hdaaf3db_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.5 hdd68b96_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.6 ha7b0be1_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.6 hc14f532_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.7 h4150a38_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.7 he7542f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8 h4150a38_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.8 he7542f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.10.9 he7542f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.10 he7542f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.11 he7542f4_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                       3.10.12 had23ca6_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 h4150a38_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 h559f36b_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 ha621ccb_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.0 he7542f4_1_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.1 h99528f9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.2 h99528f9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.3 h99528f9_0_cpython  conda-forge         
python                        3.11.4 h30d4d87_0_cpython  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
readline                         6.2               0  conda-forge         
readline                         6.3               0  conda-forge         
readline                         6.3               1  conda-forge         
readline                         7.0               0  conda-forge         
readline                         7.0      haf1bffa_0  conda-forge         
readline                         7.0      haf1bffa_1  conda-forge         
readline                         7.0   hcfe32e1_1001  conda-forge         
readline                         8.0      h0678c8f_2  conda-forge         
readline                         8.0      hcfe32e1_0  conda-forge         
readline                         8.0      hed1e85f_1  conda-forge         
readline                         8.1      h05e3726_0  conda-forge         
readline                       8.1.2      h3899abd_0  conda-forge         
readline                       8.1.2      h9e318b2_1  conda-forge         
readline                         8.2      h9e318b2_1  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
setuptools                    23.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    23.0.0          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    23.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    23.0.0          py34_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    23.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    23.0.0          py35_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.3          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.3          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py34_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.4          py35_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.5          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.5          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.5          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.6          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.6          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.1.6          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.2.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.2.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.3.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.3.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.3.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.4.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.4.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    25.4.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    26.1.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.2          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.1.2          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.2.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.2.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    27.3.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.3.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.3.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.3.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.4.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.4.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.4.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.5.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.5.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.5.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.6.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.7.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.8.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.8.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    28.8.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.1          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.1          py34_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    29.0.1          py35_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    31.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    31.0.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    31.0.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.1.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.1.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.1.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.1          py34_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    32.3.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    33.1.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.2          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.2.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.3.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.3.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.3.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.6.0          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.6.0          py35_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.6.0          py36_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.7.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.7.2          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    36.7.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    37.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    37.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    37.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.3          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.4          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.4          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.2.4          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.4.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.4.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.4.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.2          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.5.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.6.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.6.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    38.6.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.1.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.1.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.1.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.2.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    39.2.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py35_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py36_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.0.0          py37_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.2.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.2.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.2.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0       py27_1000  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0       py35_1000  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0       py36_1000  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.0       py37_1000  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.3          py35_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.4.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.5.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.5.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.5.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.6.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.7.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.8.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.8.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.8.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.9.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.9.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    40.9.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.0.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.2.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.2.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.2.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.4.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.4.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.4.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.5.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.5.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.5.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py27_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py36_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py37_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    41.6.0          py38_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.1          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    42.0.2          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    44.0.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    44.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    44.0.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    44.0.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py36_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py37_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.0.0          py38_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.1.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.1.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.1.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.2.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.2.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.2.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.3.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.3.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    45.3.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py36h9f0ad1d_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py36h9f0ad1d_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py36hc560c46_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py37hc8dfbb8_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py37hc8dfbb8_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py38h32f6830_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.0.0  py38h32f6830_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.3  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.3  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.3  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.1.3  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.2.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.2.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.2.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.2.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.3.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.4.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.4.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.4.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    46.4.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.0.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.0.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.0.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.0.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.1.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.2.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.2.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.2.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.2.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.2  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.2  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.2  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    47.3.2  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    48.0.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    48.0.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    48.0.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    48.0.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.2  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.2  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.2  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.2  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.3  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.3  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.3  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.1.3  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.2.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.1  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.1  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.1  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.1  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.2  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.2  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.2  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.3.2  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.4.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.4.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.4.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.4.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.5.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.5.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.5.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.5.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36h2432673_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36h5dafb3c_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36h79c6626_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36h9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36h9f0ad1d_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36hc560c46_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36hc560c46_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py36he57f5f5_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py37h2987424_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py37h5186d4c_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py37hc8dfbb8_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py37hc8dfbb8_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py37hf985489_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py38h32f6830_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py38h32f6830_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py38h50d1736_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py38h5347e94_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py39h2c36a5b_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    49.6.0  py39h6e9494a_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0 py310h2ec42d9_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0 py310h2ec42d9_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0 py311h6eed73b_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py36h79c6626_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py37hf985489_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py38h25b0044_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py38h25b0044_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py38h50d1736_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py38h50d1736_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py39h43b90dd_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py39h43b90dd_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py39h6e9494a_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    57.4.0  py39h6e9494a_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.2  py36h79c6626_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.2  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.3  py36h79c6626_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.3  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py36h79c6626_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py36h79c6626_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py36h79c6626_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37h5186d4c_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37h5186d4c_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37hf985489_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py37hf985489_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py38h50d1736_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py38h50d1736_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py39h6e9494a_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.0.4  py39h6e9494a_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.2.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.3.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.3.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.3.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.3.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0 py310h2ec42d9_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py37h5186d4c_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py37hf985489_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py38h50d1736_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.4.0  py39h6e9494a_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.2  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.3  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    58.5.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.0.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.0.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.0.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.0.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.0.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.1.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.2.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.4.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.4.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.4.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.4.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.4.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.5.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.5.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.5.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.5.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.5.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.6.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.6.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.6.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.6.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.6.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.7.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.7.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.7.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.7.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.7.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0 py310h2ec42d9_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0 py311h6eed73b_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py37hf985489_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py38h25b0044_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py38h50d1736_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py39h43b90dd_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    59.8.0  py39h6e9494a_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.3  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.4 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.4  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.4  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.4  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.4  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.5 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.5  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.5  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.5  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.0.5  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.1.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.2.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.3.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.3.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.3.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.3.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.3.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.5.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.5.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.5.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.5.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.5.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.6.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.6.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.6.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.6.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.6.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.7.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.2  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.8.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.2  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.3  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    60.9.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                   60.10.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                   60.10.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                   60.10.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                   60.10.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                   60.10.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.0.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.0.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.0.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.0.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.0.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.1  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.1.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py37h5186d4c_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py37hf985489_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py37hf985489_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py37hf985489_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h25b0044_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h25b0044_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h50d1736_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h50d1736_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py38h50d1736_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h43b90dd_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h43b90dd_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h6e9494a_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h6e9494a_2  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.2.0  py39h6e9494a_3  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    61.3.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.0.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.3.4  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.5.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    62.6.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.3.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    63.4.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    64.0.3  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.0.2  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.1.1  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.2.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0 py310h2ec42d9_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0  py37hf985489_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0  py38h25b0044_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0  py38h50d1736_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0  py39h43b90dd_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0  py39h6e9494a_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.3.0    pyhd8ed1ab_1  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.4.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.4.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.5.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.5.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    65.6.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    66.0.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    66.1.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    66.1.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.1.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.3.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.3.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.3.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.4.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.5.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.5.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.6.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.6.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.7.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    67.7.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
setuptools                    68.0.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
sqlite                         3.9.2               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.11.1               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.13.0               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.13.0               1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.15.0               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.16.2               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.16.2               1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.19.3               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.19.3               1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.20.1               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.20.1               1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.20.1               2  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.22.0               0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.23.1      h2d50403_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.24.0      h2f33b56_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.24.0      h2f33b56_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.24.0   h925fd73_1001  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.1   h1765d9f_1000  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.1      hb1c47c0_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.2   h1765d9f_1000  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.2      hb1c47c0_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.3   h1765d9f_1000  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.25.3      hb1c47c0_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.26.0   h1765d9f_1000  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.26.0   h1765d9f_1001  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.26.0      hb1c47c0_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.28.0      h9721f7c_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.28.0      hb7d70f7_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.29.0      hb7d70f7_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.29.0      hb7d70f7_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.30.0      h93121df_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.30.1      h93121df_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.32.3      h93121df_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.32.3      h93121df_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.32.3      h960bd1c_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.33.0      h960bd1c_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.33.0      h960bd1c_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.34.0      h17101e1_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.35.2      h44b9ce1_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.35.3      h44b9ce1_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.35.4      h44b9ce1_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.35.5      h44b9ce1_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.36.0      h23a322b_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.36.0      h23a322b_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.36.0      h23a322b_2  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.37.0      h23a322b_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.37.1      hb516253_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.38.2      hb516253_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.38.3      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.38.4      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.38.5      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.0      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.1      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.2      hd9f0692_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.2      hd9f0692_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.3      h9ae0607_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.39.4      h9ae0607_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.40.0      h9ae0607_0  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.40.0      h9ae0607_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.41.2      h2b0dec6_1  conda-forge         
sqlite                        3.42.0      h2b0dec6_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
tk                            8.5.19               0  conda-forge         
tk                            8.5.19               1  conda-forge         
tk                            8.5.19               2  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               0  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               1  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               2  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               3  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               4  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.6               5  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.7               0  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.8               0  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.8      ha441bb4_0  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.8   ha441bb4_1000  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.8      ha92aebf_0  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.9   h2573ce8_1002  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.9   h2573ce8_1003  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.9   ha441bb4_1000  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.9   ha441bb4_1001  conda-forge         
tk                             8.6.9      ha92aebf_0  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.10      h0419947_1  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.10      hb0a8c7a_0  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.10      hb0a8c7a_1  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.10      hbbe82c9_0  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.11      h5dbffcc_1  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.11      hd798d34_0  conda-forge         
tk                            8.6.12      h5dbffcc_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
tzdata                         2020a      h516909a_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2020b      h516909a_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2020c      h516909a_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2020d      h516909a_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2020e      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2020f      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021a      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021a      he74cb21_1  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021b      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021c      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021d      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2021e      he74cb21_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022a      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022b      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022c      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022d      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022e      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022f      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2022g      h191b570_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2023b      h71feb2d_0  conda-forge         
tzdata                         2023c      h71feb2d_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
wheel                         0.29.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.29.0          py34_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.29.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.29.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.30.0          py27_2  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.30.0          py35_2  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.30.0          py36_2  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.0          py35_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py27_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1       py27_1001  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py35_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py35_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1       py35_1001  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py36_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1       py36_1001  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1          py37_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.31.1       py37_1001  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.0       py27_1000  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.0       py35_1000  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.0       py36_1000  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.0       py37_1000  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.32.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.3          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.3          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.3          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.4          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.4          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.4          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.6          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.6          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.6          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.33.6          py38_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.0          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.0          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.0          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.0          py38_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.1          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.1          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.1          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.1          py38_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.2          py27_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.2          py36_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.2          py37_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.2          py38_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.34.2            py_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.35.0    pyh9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.35.1    pyh9f0ad1d_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.36.0    pyhd3deb0d_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.36.1    pyhd3deb0d_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.36.2    pyhd3deb0d_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.37.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.37.0    pyhd8ed1ab_1  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.37.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.38.1    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.38.2    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.38.3    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.38.4    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
wheel                         0.40.0    pyhd8ed1ab_0  conda-forge         
Loading channels: ...working... done
# Name                       Version           Build  Channel             
xz                             5.0.5               1  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.2               0  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.3               0  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.4   h0b31af3_1002  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.4   h1de35cc_1001  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.4      h470a237_0  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.4      h470a237_1  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.5      h0b31af3_0  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.5      h0b31af3_1  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.5      haf1e3a3_1  conda-forge         
xz                             5.2.6      h775f41a_0  conda-forge         
